Add documentation for PackageDependencies (#510)
Azure/dalec: website/docs/dependencies.md

---
title: Dependencies
---

> `PackageDependencies` is a list of dependencies for a package. This will be included in the package metadata so that the package manager can install the dependencies. It also includes build-time dependencies, which we'll install before running any build steps. They are overwritten if specified in the target map for the requested distro.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`PackageDependencies` specifies dependency information for a particular package.  This includes dependencies for runtime, which will be installed along with the package by the package manager, as well as any dependencies needed to build and/or test the resulting package. Configuration for any additional package repositories which are required may also be added here. 
```

    ```yaml
    test:
      - package_name_1
      - package_name_2
    ```

- **ExtraRepos**: Used to inject extra package repositories that may be used to satisfy package dependencies in various stages. 
    ```yaml
    extra_repos:
      - keys:
          mykey:
            http:
              URL: "https://example.com/mykey.gpg"
              permissions: 0644
        config: 
          myrepo:
            http:
              url: "https://example.com/myrepo.list"
        data: 
          - dest: "/path/to/dest"
            spec: source
        envs: ["build", "test", "install"] 
    ```
    See [repositories](repositories.md) for more details on repository configs.

### Example
```yaml
dependencies:
  build:
    gcc:
      version: [">=9.0.0"]
      arch: ["amd64"]
  runtime:
    libc6:
      version: [">=2.29"]
  recommends:
    curl:
      version: [">=7.68.0"]
  test:
    - bats
  extra_repos:
    - keys:
        mykey: 
          http:
            url: "https://example.com/mykey.gpg"
            permissions: 0644
      config:
        myrepo:
          http:
            url: "https://example.com/myrepo.list"

>       data:
>         - dest: "/etc/apt/sources.list.d/myrepo.list"
>           spec:
>             http:
>               url: "https://example.com/myrepo.list"

Reviewer: This field wouldn't be used for repo configuration, but instead for the actual packages in the repo. A use case for this might be if you had a local package repo that you wanted to be included in the build, then you could pass it in as a build context:
```suggestion
      data:
        - dest: "/opt/repo"
          spec:
            context:
              name: "my-local-repo"
```

Reviewer: Because we already have documentation on extra repos, I think you can link to that here too: https://azure.github.io/dalec/repositories

Author: I linked the above doc in the section before the example. Should I link it within the comments in the example?

Reviewer: Oh I'm sorry, I had missed that. No I think that is fine! Just wanted to make sure it was linked!
